Welcome everyone to the **Coding Challenge**! This is a series of challenges for interested developers, that I will be releasing every once in a while. The main goal behind doing them is testing yourself and your mind, to see how well you can get around problems. I'm mainly gonna be introducing algorithms and problems where you have to think hard, which is why I think these challenges are great, because they don't just help you improve your inner Roblox developer skills, but also the outer computer science skills, which would be super useful in the future if you're ever going to switch careers. Experience and massive knowledge of what Roblox Studio is capable of isn't really needed to finish a challenge (at least most of them), you just need to know the basics, and work that brains of yours. That's the introduction done, let's get right to it!
First of all, a bunch of info that you would need to know. The challenge would be well-described, giving examples of possible inputs, and required outputs. Once you think you have finished the challenge, dominating every possible case, or you have managed to do a part of it but couldn't finish, you can reply with what you made whenever you want! Even if it's a failed attempt, don't be shy to share it! I never said these challenges were gonna be easy, or hard, the difficulty varies. Also if you have any feedback, or correction, feel free to post a reply! Then expect a DM from me, congratulating you or giving you some notices. The official answer to the challenge would be replied to this topic at maximum before the next 24 hours (sorry if I'm late). The submissions needs some requirements:
* Has to be written in Lua 5.1 (the version roblox uses)
* The program has to be compatible with Roblox Studio, meaning you can't use features vinalla Lua has but rbxlua disabled
